docs: expand README.md, revamp CONTRIBUTING.md, add AGENTS.md (#489)
canonical/charmlibs: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing to charmlibs

> This monorepo contains Python libraries for [Juju](https://documentation.ubuntu.com/juju/3.6/) charms. General libraries are defined in top-level subdirectories, and interface libraries and/or metadata are defined under the interfaces directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This monorepo contains Python libraries for [Juju](https://documentation.ubuntu.com/juju/latest/) charms. General libraries are defined in top-level subdirectories, and interface libraries and/or metadata are defined under the interfaces directory.
```

Author: A tiny bit of future proofing
```suggestion
This monorepo contains Python libraries for [Juju](https://canonical.com/juju) charms. General libraries are defined in top-level subdirectories, and interface libraries and/or metadata are defined under the interfaces directory.
```

```bash
just add pathops 'pydantic>=2'
```

## Functional and integration tests

`functional` and `integration` tests are also executed in CI, and can be run locally too. They're excluded from `just check` as they may require additional setup:

- `just functional <package>` runs functional tests, which interact with real external processes (but not Juju itself). Some functional test suites may require additional software installed locally, like `pebble` or `sudo` access.
- Integration tests involve packing real test charms and deploying them on a Juju cloud. Pack first with `just pack-k8s <package>` or `just pack-machine <package>`, then run `just integration-k8s <package>` or `just integration-machine <package>`.

Read more: [the different types of tests](https://documentation.ubuntu.com/charmlibs/explanation/charmlibs-tests/).

# Pull requests

PRs are squash-merged, so your PR title becomes the single commit message that lands on `main`. Commit messages on your branch don't need to follow any particular format.

> PR titles must follow [conventional commits](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/). When a PR affects a single library, use the distribution package name without the leading `charmlibs-` or `charmlibs-interfaces` as the scope:

Reviewer: Did you want to add in the labelling you were talking about the other day?

Author: I think that only applies to issues, which I think are out of scope -- agentic PRs are one thing but agentic issues sound like a whole 'nother kettle of fish.

Reviewer: Ah, I thought I remembered you mentioning labelling PRs as well, but could well be remembering incorrectly.
